Introduction. What is the problem or task you are trying to solve? 
What methods are you using to solve them? 
(This may be answered by the assignment itself, but write it in your own words.)

I am trying to create algorithms to create an agent that plays Tic-tac-toe with the user optimally. 
Based on the instructions, I were to use three algoirthms: minimax, alpha-beta, and alpha-beta cutoff

Methods. What implementation choices did you make? How did you decide on those choices?
How did you evaluate or test your system?

I decided to write a seperate function for each one of them, since I did not want to mess with the formats
of the given functions, but I want to write it with recursion and add more parameters to the function. Without
using heuristics for minimax and alpha-beta, the only way the measure how good the move is is by seeing
if following this step will result in a winning, tie, or losing situation if both players playing optimally.
For the bot, if the other player would ultimately win, the score for this move would be a nagative number (-100), if
they end up tying the score would be 0, and if the bot won the score for this move would be a positive number (100).
The bot wants to keep the score as high as possible, and the player's optimal way is to minimize the number. By recursively
going through each of the possible moves, and moving back and before between maximizing and minimizing, the agent
develops an optimal plan to play against the player. However, traversing through all possibilities is unnecessary.
For example, if the minimizing already traversed through a path and got a current score of 100 (alpha value), and the next
one has a 200 (beta value), then you can break out of loop. If we add heuristics into the alpha-beta pruning algorithm, 
it gives a more accurate result, so it can more vividly showcase the differences between nodes, allowing us to cutoff
more of them by alpha-beta-pruning since the difference is more noticeable. 

Results. Did your system work? How well? Provide tables / numerical results if appropriate.

Currently, there are syntax bugs in the program, therefore the program cannot run, but the general idea and structure is fine. 

Discussion. Based on your results, were your methods and choices appropriate for the task? 
What would you do differently next time? Or if you had more time? 
Are there any ethical implications of your system that others should be aware of?
